README.md, before:

# silvuss thoughts

This repository contains a website with my (silvuss's) thoughts. You can find here for example thoughts on technical writing and philosophic ones.

## Table of contents

1. [Copyright note](#copyright-note)
2. [Disclaimers](#disclaimers)
3. [How to install this website?](#how-to-install-this-website)
4. [Environment, tools and technologies used](#environment-tools-and-technologies-used)

## Copyright note

Note that this "silvuss thoughts" project (this repository) has currently **no license**, as explained in [this GitHub guide on licensing projects](https://choosealicense.com/no-permission/).

For your convenience, I am including below a quote from that site:

> When you make a creative work (which includes code), the work is under exclusive copyright by default. Unless you include a license that specifies otherwise, nobody else can use, copy, distribute, or modify your work without being at risk of take-downs, shake-downs, or litigation. Once the work has other contributors (each a copyright holder), “nobody” starts including you.

Also note that I can add a lincese in the future if it would be relevant to the needs of this project.

## Disclaimers

Although I have made efforts to make it work as intended and described, it is not a "proffessional" website. Specifically, it was not tested in terms of separate unit tests or similar. It was tested to build and work on only one platform. For details on the platform, see the section "[Environment, tools and technologies used](#environment-tools-and-technologies-used)" of this README.

## How to install this website?

This website does not require any installation. One can use it by opening the following URL in their browser: https://silvuss.github.io/

## Environment, tools and technologies used

This website is created in the following technologies:
- Markup languages:
    - [HTML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML) version 5
    - [Markdown](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown) in the [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://github.github.com/gfm/) dialect (provided by GitHub, so the version is always the newest possible)
- Style sheet languages:
    - [CSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets), version 3
- Template languages:
    - [Liquid](https://shopify.github.io/liquid/) (provided by GitHub, so the version is always the newest possible)
- Programming languages:
    - [JavaScript](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript)
- Front-end frameworks and libraries:
    - [jQuery](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JQuery), version 3.3.1
    - [Bootstrap](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bootstrap_(front-end_framework)), version 4.1.3

Note also that this project utilizes the following technologies, since they are used across GitHub, and this website is hosted on [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/):
- Static site generators:
    - [Jekyll](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jekyll_(software)) (provided by GitHub, so the version is always the newest possible).

## Details

For detailed information about this website, see [this website wiki](https://github.com/silvuss/silvuss.github.io/wiki). Particularly, the wiki includes:
- [FAQ](https://github.com/silvuss/silvuss.github.io/wiki/Faq).
- [Technologies not good for accessibility reasons](TODO).

Commit message:

Standardize the documentation across all of the GitHub projects

README.md, after:

# silvuss-thoughts

This project contains a website with my (silvuss's) thoughts. I treat it as my blog. You can find here, for example, thoughts on technical writing, and philosophic thoughts.

## Table of contents

1. [Copyright note](#copyright-note)
2. [Disclaimers](#disclaimers)
3. [How to see this website?](#how-to-see-this-website)
4. [Environments, tools and technologies used](#environments-tools-and-technologies-used)
5. [Details](#details)

## Copyright note

Note that this project "silvuss-thoughts" (this repository) has currently **no license**, as explained in [this GitHub guide on licensing projects](https://choosealicense.com/no-permission/).

For your convenience, I am including below a quote from that site:

> When you make a creative work (which includes code), the work is under exclusive copyright by default. Unless you include a license that specifies otherwise, nobody else can use, copy, distribute, or modify your work without being at risk of take-downs, shake-downs, or litigation. Once the work has other contributors (each a copyright holder), “nobody” starts including you.

Also note that I can add a license in the future if it would be relevant to the needs of this project.

## Disclaimers

Although I have made efforts to make the website (that this project contains) work as intended and described, it is not a "professional" website. Specifically, it was not tested in terms of separate unit tests or similar. It was tested to build on two platforms. For details on the platform, see the section "[Environment, tools and technologies used](#environment-tools-and-technologies-used)" below.

## How to see this website?

One can see this website online by going to the following URL in their web browser: https://silvuss.github.io/

## Environments, tools and technologies used

### Environments and tools

- This website has been tested to work in the following environment:
    - **Web browser:** Firefox Quantum (64-bit) for Fedora (unfortunately, I have not noticed the version)
    - To test how the website would look like and feel in a mobile device (UI and UX), I was using Firefox's [Responsive Design Mode](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Tools/Responsive_Design_Mode)

### Technologies and tools

- Markup languages:
    - [HTML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML) version 5
    - [Markdown](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown) in the [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://github.github.com/gfm/) dialect (provided by GitHub, so the version is always the newest possible)
- Style sheet languages:
    - [CSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets), version 3
- Template languages:
    - [Liquid](https://shopify.github.io/liquid/) (provided by GitHub, so the version is always the newest possible)
- Programming languages:
    - [JavaScript](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript)
- Frameworks and libraries:
    - [jQuery](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JQuery), version 3.3.1
    - [Bootstrap](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bootstrap_(front-end_framework)), version 4.1.3

Note also that this project utilizes the following technologies, since they are used across GitHub, and this website is hosted on [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/):
- Static site generators:
    - [Jekyll](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jekyll_(software)) (provided by GitHub, so the version is always the newest possible).

## Details

For other information about this website, see the documentation in the directory `/docs` of this project.
