_drafts/how-readers-learn-through-articles.md, before:

In this article, I want to show a list of things that I think readers of an article might learn by reading it.

## Three disclaimers before we start

**The article contains mostly my own observations.** In case of any doubts, prior to this article one should refer to official or generally accepted definitions and descriptions of particular concepts and ideas.

**This article is not intended to be comprehensive on any subject**, especially neither on the process of learning nor on writing articles. I might have forget about some important things or aspects of things, or just missed them when reading various documentations. Additionally, there might be cases that I did not forget about a thing being important **objectively**, but not decided to describe it because I have not found it important **subjectively**.

Lastly, **please be aware that I am not an expert in the process of learning nor in writing articles.** I might have made typos, mistakes and errors describing the subject (although I tried not to make any).

## Assumptions

An "article" is a type of written work as defined in [Wikipedia's article about article in publishing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Article_(publishing)). Nonetheless, it is not excluded that the described things may be referred to other types of written works, in this or that way.

## The things

### 1. Media
The readers learn how to use the media through which the article is provided. If they already know how to use it, they improve their skills in it by repetition/recalling.

### 2. Terminology
The readers learn new terminology that the article is using. If they already know all the terminology, they improve their knowledge by repetition/recalling.

### 3. Vocabulary / language
The readers learn new vocabulary (the language) that the article is using. If they already know all the vocabulary, they improve their knowledge of it by repetition/recalling.

### 4. Subject
The readers learn new subject that the article describes. If they already know it, they improve their knowledge/skills of it by repetition/recalling.

### 5. Patience
The readers improve their patience, if the article demands more patience than they already have.

### 6. Perceptiveness
The readers improve their perceptiveness, if the article demands more perceptiveness than they already have.

### 7. Concentration
The readers improve their concentration, if the article demands to have more concentration than they already have.

### 8. Writing
The readers learn new way of writing an article. If they already know this way, they improve their knowledge/skills of it by repetition/recalling.

### 9. Organizing knowledge
The readers learn new ways of organizing their knowledge. If they already know them, they improve their knowledge/skills of them by repetition/recalling.

### 10. Describing the world
The readers learn new ways of describing the world. This is on the assumption that they somewhat incorporate the model that they create reading this article to the model of the world that they already have. If they already know them, they improve their knowledge/skills of them by repetition/recalling.

Commit message:

Update draft about learning through articles

_drafts/how-readers-learn-through-articles.md, after:

TOREAD: Wikipedia -> learning theory

In this article, I want to present a list of things that I think readers of an article might learn by reading.

## Three disclaimers before we start

**The article contains mostly my own observations.** In case of any doubts, prior to this article one should refer to official or generally accepted definitions and descriptions of particular concepts and ideas.

**This article is not intended to be comprehensive on any subject**, especially neither on the process of learning nor on writing articles. I might have forget about some important things or aspects of things, or just missed them when reading various documentations. Additionally, there might be cases that I did not forget about a thing being important **objectively**, but not decided to describe it because I have not found it important **subjectively**.

Lastly, **please be aware that I am not an expert in the process of learning nor in writing articles.** I might have made typos, mistakes and errors describing the subject (although I tried not to make any).

## Preface

In the article, the term "article" is understood as a type of written work – as defined in [Wikipedia's article about article in the area of publishing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Article_(publishing)). Nonetheless, it is not excluded that the described things may be referred to other types of written works, in this or that way.

## The things

### 1. Media
The readers learn how to use the media through which the article is provided. If they already know how to use it, they improve their skills in it by repetition/recalling.

### 2. Terminology
The readers learn new terminology that the article is using. If they already know all the terminology, they improve their knowledge by repetition/recalling.

### 3. Vocabulary / language
The readers learn new vocabulary (the language) that the article is using. If they already know all the vocabulary, they improve their knowledge of it by repetition/recalling.

### 4. Subject
The readers learn new subject that the article describes. If they already know it, they improve their knowledge/skills of it by repetition/recalling.

### 5. Patience
The readers improve their patience, if the article demands more patience than they already have.

### 6. Perceptiveness
The readers improve their perceptiveness, if the article demands more perceptiveness than they already have.

### 7. Concentration
The readers improve their concentration, if the article demands more concentration than they already have.

### 8. Writing
The readers learn new way of writing an article. If they already know this way, they improve their knowledge/skills of it by repetition/recalling.

### 9. Organizing knowledge
The readers learn new ways of organizing their knowledge. If they already know them, they improve their knowledge/skills of them by repetition/recalling.

### 10. Describing the world
The readers learn new ways of describing the world. This is on the assumption that they somewhat incorporate the model that they create reading this article to the model of the world that they already have. If they already know these ways, they improve their knowledge/skills of them by repetition/recalling.
